[DO NOT MERGE] Unified Cloud Nav high touch page style and screenshot edits (#114)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/index.mdx

~> **Important:** Since some API calls refer to a workspace by its name, changing the name can sometimes break existing integrations.

### Description (Optional)

> You can enter an optional description for the workspace.

Reviewer: What about something like this? I'm wondering if we could provide value beyond just restating the name of the field. 

```suggestion
Enter a brief description of the workspace's purpose or types of infrastructure.
```

Author: The wording works. But it is an option description. So should we put {Optional) at the start?

Reviewer: hmm i don't have strong feelings on that. It's in the title, which is why I left it out, but you're right - maybe we should add to the text as well! feel free to update my suggestion :)

-> **Note:** The default access permissions for new workspaces in Terraform Cloud changed in April 2021. Workspaces created before this change defaulted to allowing global access within their organization. These workspaces can be changed to more restrictive access at any time. Terraform Enterprise administrators can choose whether new workspaces on their instances default to global access or selective access.

> ### Drift Detection
> -> Note: Note: Drift detection is in beta and is available in the [Terraform Cloud Business tier](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/terraform/pricing).
> 
> When you enable drift detection, Terraform Cloud automatically runs a drift detection assessment for this workspace every 24 hours. The assessment checks the actual settings of your infrastructure against those tracked in your workspace's state file.
> 
> Refer to [Drift Detection](/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/drift-detection) for details.

Reviewer: We need to add exclusion tags because this feature isn't yet available in TFE :) 

```suggestion
<!-- BEGIN: TFC:only -->
### Drift Detection
-> Note: Note: Drift detection is in beta and is available in the [Terraform Cloud Business tier](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/terraform/pricing).

When you enable drift detection, Terraform Cloud automatically runs a drift detection assessment for this workspace every 24 hours. The assessment checks the actual settings of your infrastructure against those tracked in your workspace's state file.

Refer to [Drift Detection](/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/drift-detection) for details.
<!-- END: TFC:only -->
```

Reviewer: @rexredinger - can you take a look at this? It's on the workspaces --> settings page. Is it still appropriate to say "Drift Detection" here? Just wanted to check in case we need to also change this to "health assessments" or some other term!

Reviewer 2: :+1:
We want to cut over to using "Health Assessments" when talking about the settings that control enabling/disabling drift detection.

Locks are managed with a single "Lock/Unlock/Force unlock `<WORKSPACE NAME>`" button. Terraform Cloud asks for confirmation when unlocking.

> You can also use a workspace's "Actions" menu to manage the workspace's lock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also manage the workspace's lock from the **Actions** menu.
```
